So what if there is no law?
Mind your own business
Itchy
I will fulfill you
For the sake of everyone being a village
Just give Wenwen a minute?
Lin Jianguo is now disabled
He was also poor, but when he was young
Also a sports genius
I have also made a lot of contributions to our Linjia Village
Earned a lot of honors
Now he's crippled.
That's what we did to him.
He is really chilling too
Village Chief, you have to because of this minute
To kill these poor women?
You do this
Isn't it a shame to the ancestors?
You lard-blinded losers
In order to obtain contempt qualifications like Mingwen
The slut that even his own coach wants to seduce
How could he possibly be the champion?
Humph
It's stupid to waste time on this bitch
I watched Wenwen grow up as well
He's not the kind of kid you're talking about
Yes, I believe in Wenwen.
You old, stupid idiots
Although you two dogs are old men
But his family is in good condition
And he's willing to give 200,000 dowry
With this 200,000
We can not only repair ancestral temples
We can also repair our Linjia Village
How many of you are there now?
Determined to stop
This bitch Lin Wenwen married Li Ergou
No, this 200,000
Who will build our ancestral hall?
Who will fix our Lin Family Village?